# Exercice 8

## Exercise statement

You feel like you are going to write the best songs.

- Create a new branch and name it `feat/my-super-songs`
- Create a file named `song1.txt` at the root of this repository,
- Copy/paste the following text in this file and save it:

```txt
It's a song to say goodbye.
```

- Create a file named `song2.txt` at the root of this repository,
- Copy/paste the following text in this file and save it:

```txt
One more time
We're gonna celebrate
Oh yeah, all right
Don't stop the dancing
```

- Create a commit with the modifications with the following commit message: `feat(songs): wrote two songs about dancing and feelings`,
- Check the commit history.

This is alright, but as you can see we put two different "features" on the same commit. The best way to make commits is to only add things that are directly related together. For example if you add two feature, fix a bug and do some refactors, these a four different commits.

- Find a way to `reset` your branch so your modifications are still here but the commit is removed from the history,
- Create two commits, one for each song with a meaningful commit name,
- Push the commit to the remote branch (`feat/my-super-songs`).

Two songs, two commits. Nice.
But you just noticed these songs already exists.
You don't want to plagiarize so you are just going to reset your branch entirely and write a new original song.

- Find a way to `reset` your branch so your branch history just looks like the `main` branch and your modifications are removed,
- Create a file named `originalSong.txt` at the root of this repository,
- Write a little original song from your own and save the file,
- Create a commit with a meaningful commit name,
- Push the commit to the remote branch (`feat/my-super-songs`),
- Check the commit history.

## Useful links

- aHR0cHM6Ly9naXQtc2NtLmNvbS9kb2NzL2dpdC1yZXNldCNEb2N1bWVudGF0aW9uL2dpdC1yZXNldC50eHQtLS1zb2Z0
- aHR0cHM6Ly9naXQtc2NtLmNvbS9kb2NzL2dpdC1yZXNldCNEb2N1bWVudGF0aW9uL2dpdC1yZXNldC50eHQtLS1oYXJk
